Sambo, you got into a fight
I, Ms. Xia
I saw your son beat Xia Xiaofeng with my own eyes
Make your son apologize
Teacher is not
It was Xia Xiaofeng who bullied me first
Then my brother did it
Don't say who bullied you
Dare to wrong my Xiaofeng
It's really something that a mother can't teach her father
Aunt Wang, you are going too far
Dare to talk back
The upper beam is not correct and the lower beam is crooked.
No wonder these little rascals are raised
Zhang Yuqin, you really raised a good daughter.
Xiaoqin, say less
Three treasures and four treasures, apologize to Xiaofeng quickly.
grandma
What I said is true, Xiaofeng please bully me
Dare to talk back
It's getting more and more out of proportion now
Do you believe I hit you?
Mom, I believe in death
The child is not sensible, why are you causing trouble?
Not what it used to be
Lower Ghana is what we can afford to offend now
Oops teacher
As I'm sure you know
My daughter is the future young lady of the Qi family
As long as he is willing to nod
Invest in you casually
It will make your kindergarten look brand new
Really, Ms. Wang? Of course it's true.
But I have one condition.
I want Xia Zhu expelled from kindergarten
These four children will never be hired
Sir, what are you doing here?
Take a look
What child had an accident in kindergarten?
What's going on here?
Why are you so worried about him and his children?